feat(treesitter): use upstream format for injection queries (#22518)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/treesitter.txt

==============================================================================
TREESITTER LANGUAGE INJECTIONS                *treesitter-language-injections*
<

Note the following information is adapted from:
  https://tree-sitter.github.io/tree-sitter/syntax-highlighting#language-injection

Some source files contain code written in multiple different languages.
Examples include:

    • HTML files, which can contain JavaScript inside of `<script>` tags and
      CSS inside of `<style>` tags
    • ERB files, which contain Ruby inside of `<%` `%>` tags, and HTML outside of
      those tags
    • PHP files, which can contain HTML between the `<php` tags
    • JavaScript files, which contain regular expression syntax within regex
      literals
    • Ruby, which can contain snippets of code inside of heredoc literals,
      where the heredoc delimiter often indicates the language
    • Lua, which can contain snippets of Vimscript inside |vim.cmd()| calls.
    • Vimscript, which can contain snippets of Lua inside |:lua-heredoc|
      blocks.

All of these examples can be modeled in terms of a parent syntax tree and one

> or more injected syntax trees, which reside inside of certain nodes in the

Reviewer: This overlaps with the `@defgroup` in `runtime/lua/vim/treesitter/languagetree.lua` , would it make sense to move this info there?

Author: Sure, but not sure how? Can you push a commit?

      where the heredoc delimiter often indicates the language
    • Lua, which can contain snippets of Vimscript inside |vim.cmd()| calls.
    • Vimscript, which can contain snippets of Lua inside |:lua-heredoc|
      blocks.

All of these examples can be modeled in terms of a parent syntax tree and one
or more injected syntax trees, which reside inside of certain nodes in the
parent tree. The language injection query allows you to specify these
“injections” using the following captures:

    • `@injection.content` - indicates that the captured node should have its
      contents re-parsed using another language.
    • `@injection.language` - indicates that the captured node’s text may
      contain the name of a language that should be used to re-parse the
      `@injection.content`.

The language injection behavior can also be configured by some properties
associated with patterns:

    • `injection.language` - can be used to hard-code the name of a specific
    language.
    • `injection.combined` - indicates that all of the matching nodes in the
    tree should have their content parsed as one nested document.

>     • `injection.include-children` - indicates that the @injection.content
>     node’s entire text should be re-parsed, including the text of its child
>     nodes. By default, child nodes’ text will be excluded from the injected
>     document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    • `injection.include-children` - indicates that the `@injection.content`
    node's entire text should be re-parsed, including the text of its child
    nodes. By default, child nodes' text will be excluded from the injected
    document.
```
